Good morning, Mr. Henderson.
A very pleasant
morning to you too.
Would you like a cup of
tea for the morning?
Oh, yes, please.
It's been some time since you last
handled elementary students, right?
What do you think
of this year's students?
They seem to be worth disciplining.
After all, you already gave a
Tonitrus Bolt on the first day...
Well, that was a rare occurrence
in our prestigious Eden, I must say.
As far as I know, it was the
first time in our history.
I only meant to give a fair
ruling to every student.
Good behaviors must be honored,
and misbehavior punished accordingly.
That is the essence of education.
Excuse me for missing that.
The elementary students who have
passed through the gates of Eden...
...will learn to preserve
traditions passed on to them...
...as they try to become more
and more elegant each day.
Our school stands for making
the future of this country elegant.
Master Damian!
Isn't this your brother in the picture?
Yeah...
This was from his
entrance ceremony, right?
Are there any more pictures of him?
Oh, there he is!
Wow!
This one too!
And this one too!
He was really an MVP in this picture!
Your brother got a lot of
Stella Stars so quickly, right!
He's really amazing!
But I'm sure you'll become an
Imperial Scholar faster than him!
The first one to receive
a Stella from our year...
...will obviously be you, Master Damian!
Y-Yeah...
But we're still a long way
from the exams...
Our first shot will be...
Oh, right!
We have a dodgeball
competition for next week's PE!
Oh!
My friend heard this
from his friend in Class 7...
But apparently,
if you become the MVP there,
you'll get a Stella!
Really?
This is it, Master Damian!
MVP, huh...
The weather is clear today.
My youths...
Today, you are weaving a
new page in the history of Eden.
Elegantly.
And also brilliantly.
Beat it!
You're the one
starting the fight, damn it!
I'm not at fault.
She's right! You guys star...
Oh, you shut up!
Huh?!
Jerk.
Who're you calling a jerk,
you short legs?!
You can't say
something like that to a girl!
Elegant...
In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up
to someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are
all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up
the real emotions,
they still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
Anya's back!
Welcome back, Anya.
Anya's got good news, Father!
What?!
A Stella will be rewarded
for the next PE lesson?
Becky said that.
My friend heard this
from her friend in Class 7...
But apparently,
the MVP of the winning class...
...will get a Stella Star!
Apparently, huh...
Hmm... Kind of suspicious to me.
This calls for another training, Anya!
Training!
So what's the sport?
Dodgeball.
Dodgeball...?
Is that a sport where you hit and
bury your opponent with a ball?
Bury...?
Teach Anya a finisher move, Mother!
All right!
I'll teach you the finisher ball strike!
So you're good at sports, Yor?
Ah, no...
All I ever did was play catch
with my brother in the past...
I can't tell them I tear people up
and throw them around on a regular basis!
Leave it to me, Anya!
Let's catch a star
with the finisher strike!
Anya will catch a star
in the dodgeball game!
Star Catch Anya will work hard!
- That's the spirit!
- I'm glad she's into it, but...
- Star Catch Super Anya!
That's right!
Let's start with muscle training.
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
(Deadly Sit-Ups)
Five.
Six.
It's important to build up your stamina.
Anya!
Listen carefully now.
You don't throw your ball
with only your arm's strength.
Firmly take a step forward...
...and twist your waist
while shifting your weight...
...to transfer the force
toward your shoulder...
And there!
All right! Let's see how you try!
Loid.
Ah...
(Image Training)
Is this part of the training?
I don't really get it,
(Image Training)
but I'll just leave it to her.
Wake up, Anya.
Huh?
Hyeah!
Hah!
Hyah!
Fwoosh!
Fwish!
Wham!
Anya will catch the star tomorrow!
I've done my best.
I've also endured
Mother's ruthless training.
Finally, I've also thought of the
name for the finisher strike.
I'll catch the stars!
I'll catch a lot of stars...
...and help out with Father's mission!
The only thing big about
you is your words, huh!
Just don't drag Master
Damian down, you short legs!
The second son!
...And his servants.
Why do we have to team
up with the boys too?
I can't stand being in the
same team with this guy.
Huh?!
He's Father's target's second son...
It'll make his mission
easier if I befriend him...
W-What are you looking at?
But he'll bully me, so I hate him.
I don't have time for
a little prick like you either!
Prick...?!
I'll become the MVP of this
match and get a Stella!
I must become an Imperial Scholar
as my brother...
If I fail...
My father won't even
spare a glance at me.
W-Wait up, Master Damian!
Assemble!
Due to Mr. Bobby
taking a sick leave today,
I will be taking over today's lesson.
Let us play a fair and elegant game...
...in the spirit of the nobles.
Yes, Sir!
Without further ado,
we will begin the class competition of
dodgeball between Class 3,
Cecile Hall, and Class 4, Wald Hall!
Match start!
(Mission: 10 - The Great Dodgeball Plan)
Let's go for the win, Master Damian!
You can do it, Damian!
Master Damian!
We've gathered some info on Class 4!
All right.
Huh!
There's no other way than
to become the MVP for a Stella.
And my rival...
...will be him!
In order to win this
match against Class 4...
...I need to take him out first!
Son of the National Army's major...
(Bill Watkins (6))
Bill Watkins!
Nice catch, Bill!
What's with that monster?!
He can't be the
same age as us, can he?!
It's him...
Bazooka Bill!
With his excellent
physique and intelligence,
he's a monster has won numerous ball game
competitions since his kindergarten days!
There can't be that many
competitions in kindergarten, right?!
It's dangerous to
wear glasses here, old man.
Thank you for your concern,
Damian, the Chairman's son.
But it won't hit me in
the face, so fear not.
Besides...
A hit above the
shoulders doesn't count.
Confirming enemy position.
Adjusting airflow
and humidity... all good.
Uegh!
Oof!
Oww!
Kyaah!
Four hits.
What?!
- That's Bill for you!
- How did he...?!
Don't panic!
It's obviously just a fluke!
It's no fluke at all.
Every single of my throw...
...has been perfectly calculated.
And not just in simulation.
I've also trained myself physically.
Daddy!
Bill, my son.
Yes, Daddy.
You are the man who shall become
Eden's, and eventually, the Army's hero.
Grasp a Stella with your hands!
For the future of Ostania!
Sir, yes, Sir!
That's right.
My victory is certain.
Hey!
I'll die if I get hit by one of those!
Fear not.
I'll hold back against girls.
That also kind of pisses me off!
Ouch!
Hit.
You talk big for your size, huh.
Do you really think
we'll fight without a plan, you giant?
A dodgeball...
...is not a solo game!
Oww!
Go for MVP!
I'll get the MVP title!
Let's go, guys! Formation G!
Right!
Four hits.
I'm not done yet!
Shadow... Clone...
Attack!
Clone, huh...
A shadow clone attack...
...should look like this!
Master Damian...
Being able to stand by your side...
...was a lot of fun.
Emile!
I know a lot of your
good sides, Master Damian!
I just can't think of any now,
but I'm sure you have some.
Please win this for us, Master Damian!
You'll always be the one and only...
...MVP for all of us!
The forbidden face block...
Emile!
Emile! Wake up!
Yuwen...
Idiot...
Don't cry, will you?
I'm not!
Promise me...
...not to lose hope...
...till the end...
Yeah... I know...
It'll all be over for us if we gi...
Damn it!
We'll lose at this rate!
I need to somehow
catch him off guard...
I don't care how many
of us he's taken down.
I need to win this and stand out alone!
He's a jerk.
Now...
That small girl's my next target.
I'll aim for her feet!
Oh, he missed his shot! Lucky!
I'll pass the ball now, come on!
Did she just jump...
...before I threw the ball?!
Take this!
Then I'll just go for her right arm next!
Left arm!
I'll just use my trump card, then...!
This ball will change
its trajectory in a flash...
...to chase and hit
those trying to dodge it!
Take this!
Homing Slider Shoot!
You call that holding back against girls?!
Ouch!
Hit.
No way!
I can't believe it...
She's totally reading my pitch!
Just whoever is she?!
You're pretty good, huh?
Heh.
The etymology of dodgeball, "dodge"...
...is for one to "evade"
something quickly.
An elegant dodge!
Anya, Damian, look out!
You idiot! On your feet already!
Even if you could read my moves,
you can no longer dodge
my throw in that position.
Die!
What the heck?! He just threw the
ball with everything he got!
I feel bad for her, but
it's her fault for being a klutz.
Don't worry.
I'll be the last man standing
and lead our class to victory.
Hit.
What are you doing, Master Damian?!
Oh, shoot!
My MVP...!
You protected me...?
Huh?!
So you're a nice guy?
I-It's not like what you think!
I was just frustrated that we
just kept getting hit by his throws,
so I just wanted to catch his ball...
Damn it! You're the last
man standing now!
Don't let me down, okay?!
My team's future is in my hands now!
It's now time to
unleash my ultimate strike!
Here's my last teaching, Anya.
The trick to pitching
is to use the whole body.
Think of this ball as an arrow of light.
I won't let the second
son's death be in vain.
I'm not dead yet!
Anya...
...will avenge you!
She's got the power to
send me flying the other day.
So she should be able to...
I don't really get what's going on,
but she looks so powerful now.
Don't tell me...
The important thing
is to shift your weight!
Step forward with power...
And twist your waist
to transfer the force...
And then my arm will... Uhh...
Anyway!
Finisher strike: Star Catch Arrow!!
Huh?
Wha?
Ouch!
Huh?
Game set.
Yeah! We won!
- That was amazing, Bill!
- Huh?
That's a Stella for you now, Bill!
Hm? Stella?
Huh?
You must be daydreaming if you thought
you could get one in this mere mini-game.
Who told you that?
What?!
In fact,
I might actually
give you a Tonitrus Bolt...
...for your strong language
during the match.
Don't worry, Bill.
We'll try again next time.
You'll have another chance.
Still...
They've been bickering with each other,
- It was a shame, but you did good!
- yet they joined forces
- to face a difficult situation together.
- Such mentality...
- Come on, cheer up!
- ...is worth a Stella, my youths...
Are you kidding me?!
What the heck was
that lame throw, huh?!
I regret covering for you!
Shock...
Come on, you didn't
even hit any of them either!
I really hate you...
What did you just say, short legs?!
You can't say
something like that to a girl!
- Was that not the case...?
- You're really a jerk.
- Huh?! Say that once again, I dare you!
- Mother's training is not working.
- Right, right!
Fighting with each other
'Til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you
where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
Shall we hold hands and head home?
What should we eat tonight?
"Here's what happened today"
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
Any and every day is
A comedy with you
Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life
(Mission: 11 - Stella)